siblings Kimberly Reid and Neil Perry
have torn up the country music charts at
the sensor smash it if I die young came
onto the scene now with a busy tourist
schedule and a third album in the works
The Band Perry is ready to wow us all
once again
Michelle yarn caught up with a trio
backstage before their big show with
Blake Shelton check it out
in essence after a signal came out in
the radio we basically hit the road and
I have toured just about every day since
we counted up the last two years six
hundred and thirty days and I will say
it's kind of a badge of honor if you
will we were named as one of the only
two country acts to be the hearts
working band
what's your ritual before show our
guitar so do a word of the night which
normally there rhymes with this town
we're in or something to do with the day
that's how good the show is Charlie
Charlie last night as wow there's
Charlotte a lot of people put on a good
show I mean it's not that impressive but
it's however the word of the night goes
so goes the performance you guys have a
lot of things coming up you're working
on your next album correct how's that
come in good you know I would making
process is always an interesting one
because a lot of times the place that
you start is not the place that you
finish and so it really is like going on
this journey and each song that you
write and record lead you to a new place
do you think you'll test out any of the
songs you're working on for your third
album live have you done that yet
we have to be careful YouTube though
because it kind of gives away the
punchline if you're all for the album so
sometimes we might slip in a little bit
read out a good I do it we might slip
one or two in our pre-show mmm yeah
that would make me nervous if there's a
song you guys who love and you're like
they don't like it what's going on
you just keep selling it until they do
working on the way down you guys also
you'll be performing for fashion rocks
and that's September 9th are you excited
about that we are I'm really excited
about it as the girl in the band I've
never gotten to go to Fashion Week so to
not only go but to get it be a small
small part of its release and how does
it work they they put you guys in
something amazing and you perform
correct I mean it's in the middle of
fall fashion week so yeah
and we have decided you know whatever we
are wearing will determine the song we
play all right well beam siblings I want
to have a little fun with you guys and
let you call each other out on it have
some fun kind of rapid-fire questions
for you okay who's the you guys did
fabulous but who's the most likely to
flood an interview flub an interview
okay Neil he doesn't know it's a flood
so sometimes he can't decide if he wants
to say quirky quirky or whimsical the
hills it Quinn's achill okay love though
that's not a flood it's more like it's a
it's a deer okay who is most likely to
mess up during a live performance
Kimberly messes up layer
okay what is one non country song that
people will be surprised you know
everywhere - that's awesome
turn down for what granted that's like
the only lyrics but I was I don't
necessarily know every word but I left
fancy by Iggy Azalea and all I know is
I'm so fancy and then I just kind of hum
the next yeah so you heard the mention
in the interview they will be performing
at Fashion rocks in New York City
tomorrow night as part of a Fashion Week
that will air on CBS